I'm looking for a hotel in Wolverhampton with self-catering.
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham? 
 I need to know where the hotel by the train station is.
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children's menu  and self-catering facilities?
Can you tell me the name of a hotel near the golf course in Wolverhampton and whether check-in is before or after midday? 
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan?
Hello can you tell me if I can get an en suite room in The Mount Hotel and Conference Centre with disabled access?
Which Bed and Breakfast near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time after 11 o'clock in the morning?
Can you tell me where the hotel near the Trust House is?
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
Hi can you tell me whether Jonathan's Hotel and Restaurants allows me to bring a pet?
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people?
Hi can you give me a contact number for a modern Italian restaurant in Solihull please?
Where's the nearest pizza restaurant to the Grand Theatre?
Can you give me the address for the Kinnaree Thai Restaurant in Birmingham please?
Can I have the phone number for the Varsity Bar in Birmingham?
Hi can you give me the name of an English or European restaurant in Birmingham please?
What sort of food do they serve at The Red Mango?
Can you give me a phone number for Bank in Birmingham please?
I need the phone number for Yates's Wine Lodge in Wolverhampton.
Do you have an email address for Alexandra Theatre  in Birmingham?
What's the minimum age for a Westlife concert?
What's the name of the cinema showing because I said so?
Which cinema is selling Hannibal Rising tickets online?
Can you tell me the name of the movie starring Columbus Short on Thursday August 16th please?
What are the names of the Paris Hilton films on Wednesday?
How long does the film Stomp the Yard last for?
What certificate is Babel? 
Hi there's a film on on Saturday the 25th of February which contains moderate sex references. Can you tell me what it's called please?
Can you tell me which films this weekend are certified PG or U? 
Who's  the director of the film Ghost Rider ?
Is The Last King of Scotland a Kevin Macdonald film?
Can you give me the phone number of a hospital  please? 
What's the number for Shrewsbury Library? 
Can you tell me the name of the football ground where Wolves and West Bromwich are playing each other in Wolverhampton on the 24th of September 2007 please?
I'm looking for somewhere to do yoga in Smethwick at the weekend.
Hi can you tell me about anything else that's near Saltwells Local Nature Reserve please?
Is there a car-park within walking distance of the canal in Dudley? 
Hi can you tell me where the children's day event is being held in Wolverhampton please?
Are there any children's events happening at any National Trust buildings in the Wolverhampton area?
Tell me the check-in time and check-out time for the Novotel in Wolverhampton please. 
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
Hi I'm looking for a hotel in Oldbury near the city centre. 
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
Hi could you tell me the name of  some accommodation in Dudley near the near the Merry Hill Shopping Centre please?
Which hotel is nearest to Birmingham train station?
I'm interested in staying at the Mount at Clent.  I'd like an en suite room and I'd also like a room with disabled access if possible. 
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am?
Could you give me the name of  accommodation that  has a conference room and could you tell me the price as well please?
Which B&B in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50? 
Could you tell me the name of a hotel in Walsall that has self-catering facilities please? 
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham?
Could you tell me the name of a modern Italian restaurant in Solihull please?
Can you tell me which club in Birmingham is open the latest? 
Hi could you tell me the address of the Varsity in Birmingham  near the Botanical Gardens please?
Can you tell me if there are any Thai restaurants near Wolverhampton Art Gallery? 
Hi could you tell me the name and contact number of a modern Italian restaurant in Solihull please?
I need all the pizza restaurant phone numbers in Wolverhampton city centre. 
I'd like to go to Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant. Could you  tell  me  if  they have a private room facility  please? 
Does the function room at Spice Avenue have its own bar? 
I'd like to go and see Fame at the Birmingham Hippodrome between the 21st and 26th of May 2007. Could you tell me the the starting time for that that please?
What is Jamie T's MySpace address? 
Could you tell me what films are on on Wednesday the 25th of June that don't have any sex references or bad language please?
Which of the films on this weekend are certified PG or U? 
Hi we'd like to go to the cinema at Bently Mill Way in Walsall on Thursday the 16th of August. Could you tell me if this cinema has a discount on offer at the moment? Thank you.
What cinemas are there in Walsall? 
Could you tell me the name of a cinema in Birmingham that has disabled access please?
Is there a cinema in Birmingham with disabled access? 
 Could you tell me the name of the film written by Kevin Hood and Sarah Williams  at a cinema in Birmingham please? 
Was the new Arnold Schwarzenegger film directed by James Cameron?
Tell me the names of films on at the Empire cinema in Sutton Coldfield that are about hundred and 10 minutes long please. 
Can you tell me if there are any 18 films less than 2 hours at Vue  Cineworld Birmingham? 
I'd like to go to Broadfield House Glass Museum. Could you tell me if if there's a guide service and the duration of any tour? Thank you. 
How long does an average tour visit take of Bantock Manor? 
I'd like to see The Producers at Birmingham Hippodrome. Could you tell me the price of a ticket please? 
How much are stall tickets to Lily Allen at the Civic Centre in Wolverhampton?
Tell me the name of a chemist's shop in Wolverhampton that has a a public photocopying machine.
Does the pharmacy at Birmingham University have a photocopier? 
Could you tell me the name of the director of the movie Freedom Writers please?
What's the name of the director of Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End?
Hi can you tell me a name of a hotel in Walsall with a gym please? 
Is there a hotel in Wolverhampton that has non-smoking family rooms?
Can you tell me how to get to a hotel near the city centre? 
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities?
Hi has the Village Hotel in Dudley   have any rooms which disabled access facilities?
Which Bed and Breakfast near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am?
 Hi  can you tell me if the Quality Hotel in Wolverhampton has facilities for  pets and if pets are allowed please? 
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people?
 Hi  can you tell me any hotels in Dudley that have a gym if possible? 
Is there a hotel in Wolverhampton that has non-smoking family rooms? 
Hi can I take my pet to the Novotel in Wolverhampton at all? 
 Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people? 
Hi can you tell me if there are any modern Italian restaurants  in Solihull please? 
Are there any restaurants in Wolverhampton with 3 stars?
Hi can you tell me the phone number of The Crabmill please? 
Is Zennas in Wolverhampton open on a Saturday night? 
Is Zennas in Wolverhampton open on Sunday night? 
 Hi can you tell me the names of any English or European restaurants in town please? 
 Do I need to pre-book a table for House of Canton in Compton Wolverhampton?
 Hi  I'm looking for a Thai restaurant in Birmingham. Can you tell me any names?
Is Rothwell’s in Wolverhampton open till late? 
Hi can you tell me the price for the Abba Mania at Alexandra Theatre Birmingham please? 
How much does it cost to get a ticket to see Lily Allen at Carling Academy? 
 Can you tell me the name of the director of the film 300 please?
Can you tell me who is the director of Wild Hogs? 
Hi  can you tell me the price for the ticket for children at the cinema AMC? 
 How much is a child ticket at AGM Cinema? 
Hi  can you tell me the price for the children's ticket at the Cineworld at Birmingham Broad Street? 
Does Cineworld do student discount?
Hi can you tell me what's on  Friday  the 4th of January at the cinema please? 
Are there any science-fiction films on this weekend?
 Hi can you tell me the name of the director of the movie Norbit please?
Is Babel a Twentieth Century Fox film?
Hi  can you tell me if there ar
Are there any cinemas in Dudley  with disabled access?
 I’m looking for a cinema in Birmingham with disabled access. 
Can you tell me the contact number for the MAC theatre please? 
I`d like to have the number for Wolverhampton Grand Theatre please. 
Hi can you refer me to any hotels  with conference rooms and the price of the conference room?
Which Bed and Breakfast in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50?
Hi  can you tell me the address of Henrys Cantonese Restaurant in Birmingham? I think it closes at 10 but
Is there a café near the Grand Theatre?
Could you give me the name of a hotel that's got a tennis court nearby in Walsall please? Thank you.
 Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury? 
I'm interested in an Express by Holiday Inn. I'd like to know the check-in time and the check-out time please. Thank you.
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
I'm due to go to Mount at Clent    hotel. I'd like  the check-in time and also the check-out time please.
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford? 
I'm looking for a hotel in Wolverhampton that's nearby  the city centre that for a check-out that is 24 hours. I'd like the name of this hotel please. Thank you. 
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
Hi I'm looking for an  hotel in Oldbury that's near a theatre and cinema. I'm looking for the    that's got accommodation. Could I have the name please? Thank you. 
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
I'm looking for a hotel in Dudley that's got self-catering.  Could you give me the name please? Thank you.
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham? 
Hi can I have the telephone number or the email address of The Varsity in Birmingham please? Thank you.
Could I have the website for the Robin 2 club in Bilston?
Hi I'd like the address of the Kinnaree Thai Restaurant in Birmingham as  I think it  has a close hour at 12am  also to find out if it's near a Mailbox.
Are there any Thai restaurants near Wolverhampton Art Gallery?
Hi I'm looking for a contact number for a Cantonese restaurant in Birmingham.
Hi does Don Salvo's have a website? 
Hi has The Varsity got a private room? 
What sized party do you need to hire out the function room at Spice Avenue?
Hi do The Producers have an interval? 
What is the minimum number of people allowed for a group ticket at the NEC?
Does the Showcase Cinema in Walsall have multiple screen?
Can I pre-book tickets for the new Harry Potter film at Cineworld?
Hi could you tell me the name of the film that's being shown on the 16th of August? It's a Thursday. I'm I  think it's got moderate violence in it. 
What children's films are on this weekend? 
Hi I need the name of the movie that starts 2.20 on Wednesday 25th of June. Thank you. 
When is the Light House cinema open? 
 Could you tell me how long the film Becoming Jane is on for please? 
Does This Is England contain a lot of violence? 
Hi could you give me the name of a cinema where Ghost Rider is playing please? 
Which cinema can I buy Hannibal Rising tickets for online?
Hi can you give me the dates that evening worship is being  addressed at Saint Jude's Church please? 
Are there any tours of synagogues in Birmingham during the summer? 
Hi could you give me the name of the shopping centre in Birmingham that is non-smoking please? Thank you.
Please can you tell me which hospital is nearest to the Britannia Hotel in Wolverhampton please? 
Could you give me the site name of where the half-marathon is being held in Wolverhampton please?
Where is the Birmingham Villa match this weekend? 
Hi has Saltwells Local Nature Reserve got any refreshments nearby please?
Can you tell me whether there is anywhere to get refreshments at the Lickey Hills?
Give me the name of a cheap hotel which has a conference room.
Which B&B in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50?
   Could  I  have  the  name of a hotel  in Stourbridge which has a public park nearby  please? 
 Is there a  beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury? 
Can I have the name of a hotel in Wolverhampton that has a gym available? 
 Which hotel in Dudley has a gym? 
 Can I have the directions to a hotel that's near a theatre or a cinema? 
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities? 
Could I have the name of a hotel and a contact contact details please in Walsall? 
 I'm looking for a hotel  in Wolverhampton that's near a trust house. 
 Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
 Can I have the contact details for Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant in Birmingham? 
I’m trying to find a website for Don Salvo’s  restaurant at the Mailbox in Birmingham. 
 Could I have the address  for Varsity in Birmingham?  I think it closes at 12 o'clock. 
 Is there a pub next to the cinema at Bentley  Bridge in Wednesfield? 
 Can I have the name of a modern Italian restaurant? 
 Are there any over 25s clubs? 
  Can I have the contact details for The Bucklemaker in Birmingham? 
 Does Made In Thai restaurant in Wolverhampton  have a website? 
Are there any age limits for seduction and the sea? 
 Can I have the phone number for the NEC Arena Box Office? 
 Can I have the name of the movie starring  Diane Keaton, Mandy Moore, Lauren Graham? 
 Are there any horror films out at the moment? 
Can I have the price for children's tickets at the Showcase  Cinema in Birmingham? 
 What is the student price at AGM Cinema? 
 Does the Odeon Cinema in Dudley have disabled facility access? 
 Is there a pub or restaurant next to Cineworld in Bentley Bridge? 
 Does the AMC Cinema in Birmingham have disabled access? 
 Does Vue Star City have stadium seating? 
 What  is the duration  of  the Ghost Rider movie? 
 Is there a subtitled showing  of The Last King of Scotland at Vue Star City? 
 I'm curious to see woodland wildlife.  Could I have the name of 1 in Dudley? 
 I`m interested in walking in the countryside near Wolverhampton. Are there any suitable places? 
 Could I have the opening hours for Moseley Old Hall as I would like to visit on the 9th of October? 
 Can you tell me what time Warwick Castle opens in June? 
Could I have the name of  the composer and choreographer for Breakin' Convention? 
 Do you know if Lily Allen will be playing any cover versions at the Birmingham Carling Academy? 
 Can I have the name of a pharmacy in Birmingham that doesn't close after  before half 5? 
  I need to find a pharmacy that's open until 8pm tonight in Shrewsbury. 
Hi  can  you  tell me the check-in time and the check-out time for the Quality Hotel in Dudley?
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
Hi can you tell me the check-in time and the check-out time of the Copthorne Hotel in Merry Hill please? 
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford please?
Hi I'm looking for  a Quality Hotel in Wolverhampton that has disabled access and an en suite room.
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check out time after 11am?
Which campsite outside Birmingham allows leashed pets?
Hi could you  give me directions to a hotel that's near the city centre please?
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children's menu and self-catering facilities?
Can you give me the name of a hotel that's  near the city centre in Wolverhampton please?
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
Can you give me the name of a Thai restaurant please?
Are children allowed in Walkabout in Wolverhampton?
Hi can you give me the phone number of The Varsity please?
How do I get on the guest list for Oceana?
Hi can you tell me if the Kinnaree Thai Restaurant has a private room for bookings please?
How many people can you seat in the function room at Spice Avenue?
Hi can you give me the name of a  modern  European restaurant in Birmingham please? 
Hi can you give me the name of a modern European restaurant in Birmingham please?
How much are drinks at The Moon Under Water please?
Can you tell me who the composer and choreographer of  Seduction and  and the Sea is please? 
 Can you tell me the name of Westlife's support band at the NEC in Birmingham?
Can you tell me how much it is for kids' entrance to the AMC Cinema please? 
Are there any cinemas near Wolverhampton that do weekday daytime discounts?
Hi I'd like to see  a film in Wolverhampton on Friday the 4th of January that contains strong bloody violence. Could you    offer any suggestions? 
What films are on at the Light House this week?
 Are there any films on at Wolverhampton at the moment written by Zack Snyder?
Was Babel directed by James Cameron?
 Is Becoming Jane on at the cinema on the 4th of May in Birmingham?
Are there any local cinemas showing German films over the next few weeks?
 Can you tell me if the Showcase Cinema has  disabled facilities please?
Does the Light House cinema have a car park?
 Does your Wolverhampton branch  have a photocopying machine on site?
Can I develop photos at the pharmacy on Clark Road?
 Does the Showcase Cinema in Birmingham have multiple screens?
I want to find out how many screens Cineworld in Bentley Bridge in Wednesfield has.
 Can you tell me how many people the Birmingham Rep holds?
Is Rosie and Jim on in June in Wolverhampton?
 Can you give me the check-in and check-out times of the  Village Hotel in Dudley please?
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
Can I have the name of a hotel in Walsall near a museum please? 
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
I'm looking for a hotel in Wolverhampton please. 
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham? 
Can you tell me the name of a hotel in West Bromwich? 
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury? 
Can you tell me the check-in and check-out times at Quality Hotel please?
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
Can you give me directions to a nearby hotel please? 
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities? 
Can you give me directions for a hotel with a museum nearby?
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston? 
I'm looking for a modern European restaurant in Birmingham. 
I’m looking for restaurants in Dudley which provide a children’s play area. 
Can you tell me the address of Bank in Birmingham which closes at 1 o'clock?
What pubs are there within 5 minutes of Birmingham Airport?
Has Bank got a private room?
Does the Varsity Bar have a private room which can be hired for a hen party?
Does Kinnaree Thai Restaurant have a private room?
Is there a private room which can be hired for a hen party at Varsity Bar? 
When's the next dance show at Birmingham Hippodrome? 
Are 8-year-olds allowed to see Westlife at the NEC? 
Can I have the name of a film that's a hundred and 23 minutes long? 
What time does Blood and Chocolate start? 
Is there a Dominic West film on on Friday the 4th of January? 
When does the new Arnold Schwarzenegger film come out? 
How much is a child's ticket at the Odeon?
How much is it for children at AGM Cinema? 
Is there a Hilary Swank film on on Tuesday the 22nd of April?
Are there any Arnold Schwarzenegger films out at the moment? 
I'm looking for a film on Sunday the 4th of May that starts at 9 o'clock.
Do any of tomorrow’s films start before 12pm?
Can I have the phone number for a hotel in Wolverhampton please? 
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University. 
Does The Bucklemaker have a private room? 
How do I hire a private bar at the Molineux ? 
What's the name of the interactive museum near the train station? 
Is there an art gallery in the Black Country? 
What's the name of the Wolverhampton to Shrewsbury service? 
Which bus goes from Shrewsbury to Telford? 
Can you tell me a place to stay in Oldbury preferably with a gym?
Is there a hotel in Walsall with a swimming pool? 
Can you tell me the directions to a hotel near the motorway please?
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and a self-catering facility?
Can you tell me the name and price of a hotel without a conference room please?
Which B&B in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50?
Can you tell me if The Mount Hotel and Conference Centre allows pets?
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people? 
Can you tell me a place to stay with a nearby public park and car parking facilities? 
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices  available? 
Does the Fairlawns at Aldridge have facilities for pets?
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people? 
Can you tell me the name of a gastro which plays live music on Friday evenings?
Are there any clubs playing 70s and 80s music tonight? 
Can you tell me the name and address of a modern Italian restaurant please? 
I want a wine bar near the Birmingham Hippodrome. 
Can you tell me the address of Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant in Birmingham which closes at 12 midnight?
Is there a Yates’s Wine Lodge in Dudley?
Can you tell me the contact details of a bank in Birmingham? 
Can I have the phone number of an Indian restaurant in Wolverhampton city centre?
Can you tell me the different ticket prices and types available for the Seduction and the Sea performance in Birmingham?
What time are Westlife expected to come onto the stage at NEC?
Can you tell me the price of a child ticket at the Cineworld Cinema please?
Can you tell me how much a child ticket at Cineworld costs?
Can you tell me how long the film 300 lasts? 
What language is Spiderman 3 in?
Can you tell me whether the Showcase Cinema in Walsall has disabled facilities?
Where is the nearest cinema to the Holiday Inn in Wolverhampton?
Can you tell me the name of a movie which starts at 11 o'clock on Friday the 15th of October?
Which local cinemas are open tomorrow morning?
Can you tell me the name of a movie which starts at 6.10pm on Thursday the 16th of August please?
 Are there any films starting after  8pm tomorrow?
 Can you tell me how early the Birmingham tram service starts?
Does the 5.50 train from Wolverhampton to Birmingham stop at Tipton?
Can you tell me the date of the next worship at Aisha Mosque?
Are there any children's events on at the Dunstall Road Mosque this week? 
Can you tell me what event is taking place in Birmingham city centre on the 14th of July this year?
Are there any special events happening in Victoria Square this month?
Can you tell me where the half marathon in Wolverhampton starts on the 14th of September?
Where does the West Midlands leg of the tour of England bike race start from?
Could you tell me please if the Novotel in Wolverhampton has disabled access? 
Which Bed and Breakfast near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am?
Could you tell me the name of a hotel in Dudley? 
What time is breakfast served at the Novotel in Birmingham?  
Could you tell me the name of a hotel near the city centre please? 
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available? 
Can you tell me the name of a hotel that has a room where there's a conference room available and how much that would be please?
Which Bed and Breakfast in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50?
Please could I have the directions for a hotel where there is a tennis court nearby?
What time is the check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston? 
Am I allowed to bring my pet to the Copthorne Hotel Merry Hill?
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people? 
Please could I have the contact details for a modern European restaurant in Birmingham near the Symphony Hall?
Can I have phone numbers for all the pizza restaurants in Wolverhampton  city  centre? 
Could you tell me the name of a Thai restaurant near to the Mailbox?
I'm looking for a restaurant near the NIA.
Do you know the contact details of a Thai restaurant in Birmingham near the Mailbox? 
Which pizza restaurants in Wolverhampton city centre have car parking?
Could you tell me the name of a modern European restaurant in Birmingham near the Symphony Hall? 
Can you tell me the name of the restaurant adjacent to the Hyatt hotel in Birmingham?
Do you know if Abba Mania has an interval?
Is there a discount available for a group of 10 to see Billy Elliot in Birmingham?
Do you know the name of a film that stars Kal Penn?
Is Vue Star City open on Saturday morning?
Is the AMC Cinema a multi-screen cinema?
How many screens does the Light House cinema in Wolverhampton have? 
Does the Merry Hill Centre cinema in Dudley offer discount tickets?
Which cinemas in Birmingham do student discounts? 
Does the cinema at Bentley Bridge Leisure Park in Wednesdfield in Wolverhampton offer discounts on tickets?
Are there any Birmingham cinemas that do  weekday evening discounts?
Does the AMC Cinema have a multi-screen?
How many screens are there at the Vue Star City? 
Can you tell me please if Central Baths in Wolverhampton has a car-park?
Can I park for free within walking distance of the Bullring? 
Can you tell me if Cannon Hill Park has a golf course nearby?
Can you tell me whether there`s a golf course at Cannon Hill Park? 
Could you tell me the name of a live demonstration event?
I would like to go to a place which reminds me of the nineteenth century.
Could you tell me what events are on at the Birmingham Hippodrome between the 3rd of July and the 4th of August 2007? 
Where can I see the Stravinsky violin concerto? 
Can you tell me the name of a self-catering hotel in Walsall?
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham?
I'm looking for directions to a hotel that's near a trust house.
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities? 
I'm looking for a hotel in Stourbridge. Can you provide me with a contact phone number?
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University.
I'm looking for a hotel in Dudley near to the motorway  and I need the check-out to be before 2pm.
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
I'm looking for an en suite room  in a Quality Hotel and it needs to have disabled access.
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time after 11am?
Could you provide me with a phone number for a hotel in Wolverhampton?
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University. 
Could you provide me with the contact number for Henrys Cantonese Restaurant? 
Is Oceana over 18s only?
I'm looking for the address for Afrikana in Walsall. I think it closes at 11pm.
Is  there  a restaurant at the Molineux?
I'm looking for the name and the address of a Cantonese restaurant.
What’s the name of the Indian restaurant behind the Grand Theatre?
Could you tell me the contact details of The Varsity in Birmingham? 
I need the phone number for the All Bar One in Birmingham. 
I want to go and see Aladdin at the Birmingham Hippodrome on the 19th of December 2007. Could you tell me what time it starts? 
What is Jamie T’s MySpace address?
Could you tell me the name of a movie playing on Friday 4th of January starring Dominic West? 
What are the Leonardo DiCaprio films on Sunday afternoon called? 
I'm looking for the name of a cinema in Birmingham that has disabled access. 
What cinemas in Birmingham have car-parks? 
I'm looking for the name of a movie playing on Friday the 15th of October that contains strong language and frequent moderate sex references. 
  Are there any horror movies on this weekend? 
I'm looking for the name of a film playing on Sunday the 4th of May.
What films are showing at Cineworld in Wednesfield on Saturday afternoon?
What's the name of the movie starring Eddie Murphy that's playing on Wednesday the 25th of June? 
Are there any animated children’s films on at the moment?
Could you tell me what time The Producers  which is playing at Birmingham Hippodrome on 3rd of July to 4th of August what time it starts?
Which record label are Mr. Hudson and the Library on? 
 I'm looking for the phone number of a pharmacy that's located at postcode B15 4TT.
Can I have the phone number for all the pharmacies in the postcode area WV3? 
I'm looking for the name of a film that contains  fantasy horror and moderate violence at  a cinema in Birmingham and it's playing on Monday the 27th of March. 
Is there anywhere I can see a European film with English subtitles tonight?
I'm looking for the contact number for a theatre called the MAC.
What's the phone number for the Birmingham Hippodrome? 
Can you tell me how to find a hotel with a golf course nearby?
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities?
Can you tell me where to get a hotel with a conference room?  I want to know the price and where it is. 
Which B&B in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than 50 quid?
I want a hotel with rooms with disabled access  en suite and  want to go to eat in Jonathan's Hotel. 
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am?
Can you tell me where there's a hotel near the motorway where I can park my car? 
Which  hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available?
I'm looking for a hotel near a golf course and I want to be able to park my car.
Which hotels in Walsall  have rooms that can be booked for  a  conference  and  what  are the prices available?
Can you tell me where to find a hotel near the train station? 
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available?
Have you got a phone number for a modern European restaurant near Symphony Hall?
Can I have the names of the clubs in Wolverhampton which are playing pop music tonight?
Could you tell me where to find a Thai restaurant in Birmingham please?
Which club closes the latest in Birmingham?
Can you tell  me the address of The Bucklemaker ? And it must close at midnight. 
Does Wolverhampton Art Gallery have any Thai restaurants nearby?
Can I have the address of the Afrikana in Walsall? And I want to be finished by 11.
What Indian restaurants are there in Wolverhampton city centre?
I want to go dancing near Birmingham Hippodrome. Can you tell me where?
Can you buy posters of the band at The Killers gig at Carling Academy?
I want to go to the cinema on Saturday 25th of February. What film's starting at 11 o'clock?
Do any films tomorrow start after 10pm?
I'm going to the cinema on Friday 15th of October  late 11 o'clock.  What's showing?
Are there any films on after 10pm tomorrow?
I want to go to the Empire Cinema in Sutton Coldfield. Does it have disabled access?
I need to know if there's a disabled access at the Odeon Cinema in Birmingham.
Can you tell me how long Because I Said So lasts please? 
Is the Puffy Chair showing at Cineworld in Wednesfield?
 I want to go to the cinema  on Wednesday 25th of June in Birmingham and I'm looking for a film that contains some sex and bad language.
I want to find  European  films  with  English  captions  playing at the  weekend  in  Birmingham  cinemas. 
What time does The Public building of the West Bromwich Art Gallery open and close please?
Does the Walsall Art Gallery have workshops for children?
What time do the trains to Shrewsbury start running?
What time does the tram to Snow Hill start running?
 Is there a hospital with a maternity ward near Birmingham City Hall? 'Cause I'd like to  go into it while my wife's in labour.
Does New Cross Hospital have a maternity ward?
Does Molineux have a family friendly policy?
Is it possible for whole families to attend the salsa class at the City Bar?
Is there any hotel  near the Merry Hill Shopping Centre with a car-park? 
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available? 
What is the name of the hotel in Walsall that's close to the museum?
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?  
How do I get to the hotel near a theatre and cinema? 
What time is check-in at the Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
Which rooms at The Fairlawns  at Aldridge have disabled access?
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am?
--- 
Does the Quality Hotel in Birmingham have any disabled access in any of the rooms?
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am? 
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan?
Do you have any private rooms at The Bucklemaker?
Is there a function room at the Spice Avenue in Wolverhampton?
How do I get to The Bucklemaker in Birmingham? The 1 that closes at 12am.
Are there any Polish clubs in Wolverhampton? 
How do I get the contact number for the Thai restaurant in Birmingham close to the Mailbox? 
Can I have all the pizza restaurant phone numbers in Wolverhampton city centre?
I would like to get the address for the Asha Indian Bar and Restaurant in Birmingham and what time do they close? 
Is there anywhere to eat at Bentley Bridge?
I would like the contact number for the Birmingham Hippodrome.
What is the minimum age for a Lionel Richie concert?
How much are the tickets  for children at the Electric Cinema in Birmingham?
How much is a student ticket at Cineworld in Wednesfield?
Do you know if the cinema in Empire Sutton Coldfield has got any multiple screens?
Can you tell me how many screens there are at the Vue Star City?
Do you know if the cinema in Birmingham on 47 Station Street has got any discounts on the 4th of May?  
Do any Birmingham cinemas do evening discounts during the week?
  Do you know if the Merry Hill cinema has got any discounts for Saturday the 25th of February? 
Do any Birmingham cinemas do weekday evening discounts?
---
Do you by any chance know the name of the movie at the cinema in Birmingham that contains some strong language and some sex references and scenes? Are you aware if it will be showing on Friday  the 15th of October? 
 Are there any European films with English captions playing in Birmingham at the weekend? 
Are there any programmes for the Birmingham Hippodrome from the 21st to the 26th of May 2007? 
Is there a ballet performance during spring at the Birmingham Hippodrome?
Do you have the contact number for the Clark Road pharmacy please?
  Is  it  possible to call the pharmacy in Asda in Wolverhampton?
Are there any discounts on Thursday the 16th of August at the cinema in on Bentley Way Walsall?
---
Are there any Birmingham cinemas doing the weekday discount?
Do you know the date for the Romeo and Juliet play? 
Can you tell me the date of the last performance of nights at the circus at Warwick Arts Centre? 
 Please could you direct me to a hotel  near the city centre?
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
 I'm trying to find a Quality Hotel in Wolverhampton and I'd like to know  what time check-in is and also what time check-out time is.
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
I'm interested in the Days Hotel and would like to know check-in times and check-out times please. 
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
Please could you give me directions for a hotel which is near a public park?
 Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities?
I'm interested in Jonathan's Hotel and Restaurants and particularly would like to know check-in and check-out times please.
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
 Hello I'm looking for a facility with a conference room available and I'd like to know the name of the place obviously and the room price please.
Which bed and breakfasts in Wolverhampton have a single room available for less than £50?
I'm looking for a modern European restaurant close to the Symphony Hall.  If you could give  me  the name of that and I'd be especially grateful  if you could tell me what  time it closes. 
Is there a restaurant near the Carling Academy which is open until 11pm?
I'm looking for a Thai restaurant  close to the Mailbox  which closes at midnight.  If you could give me the name and directions for that please.
Which restaurant near the Carling Academy is open until 11pm?
I'm looking for a modern European restaurant close to the Symphony Hall which closes at 1am. If you could give me directions and a name please.
 What time is the restaurant next to the Carling Academy open until? 
I'm looking for a Thai restaurant in Birmingham.  If you could let me have the name and directions please.
 Where is the nearest car-park to Oceana in Wolverhampton? 
  I'd like to know what's on at the Birmingham Hippodrome  on between the 3rd of July and the 4th of August please. 
Who is playing at the Wolverhampton Little Civic on the 5th of April?
  Please could you tell me what film is showing at the cinema in Dudley on Saturday the 25th of February? It appears to be rated so that it contains moderate sex references. Is that correct?
Can you tell me if there are any English-captioned European films playing in Birmingham at the weekend?
  Could you tell me what's showing at the cinema in Birmingham on Tuesday the 22nd of April and whether or not it contains one use of strong language and moderate violence?
 Are there any French language films on at the Light House cinema this week?
    I'm looking to go and see a film at the cinema in Walsall on Thursday the 16th of August  and I'd like it to be rated such that it contains moderate violence please. 
Is the Light House showing any Japanese films this month?
I'm trying to find out about the film that starts at 2pm on Friday the 4th of January. Can you tell me the title of the film please? 
Do any films tomorrow night start after 10pm? 
I'm looking for a movie starting at 1.35pm on Tuesday the 22nd of April. If you could let me know  the title of that please. 
Are there any films on after 10pm this weekend? 
Please could you tell me what's showing at the MAC  between 8 o'clock and 10.15pm?    
I`d like the names of productions at Birmingham Hippodrome during September.
I'm looking for a hotel in Wolverhampton that has self-catering facilities thank you. 
What time is breakfast served at the Novotel hotel in Birmingham?
 I'd like to visit the Bank. Could you tell me where that is and who the contact  name would be please? 
I want to get on the guest list for Oceana. 
 I'd like to have some directions to The New Art Gallery in Walsall please.
What is the phone number for Wolverhampton Art Gallery? 
  Hello could you tell me where the hotel is please? It's quite near to the golf course. 
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
Hello could you tell me the check-in time and check-out times at The Fairlawn Hotel  at Aldridge please? 
The telephone number for a campsite in Telford. 
Hello I'm looking for a hotel it's near the motorway and I know that it's in Dudley.
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
Could you tell me the name of a place please in Wolverhampton near the city centre that I could use for accommodation?
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
Hello I'm looking for a place to stay. It's in Dudley and it's  somewhere near the motorway. 
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station? 
Hello could you tell me the way please to a hotel? It's near a heritage site. 
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
Hello could you tell me the name please of  a Thai restaurant nearby?
Which club is over 18s? 
Hello I want to be going to the Bank in Birmingham. Could you tell me either the number the telephone number or the address please?
What is the phone number for the Varsity Bar in Birmingham? 
Hello I'm looking for a modern European restaurant in Birmingham.  Could you give me the name of one please? 
Is there a car-park near Oceana in Wolverhampton?
Hello I'm looking for an English European restaurant in Birmingham.  Could you give me the address or telephone number please?
Can I have a phone number of a Chinese restaurant in Wolverhampton city centre? 
I want to go and see Aladdin. What's the name of that choreographer? 
What's the name of Westlife’s support band at the NEC in Birmingham? 
I want to visit the Kingsbury Road in Erdington cinema the one in Birmingham on Tuesday 22nd of April. Are there any special deals?
Which cinema near Wolverhampton does the cheapest adult tickets? 
Can you tell me the name of the film that's written by Jason Friedberg? I want to go and watch it in a cinema in Birmingham. 
Can you tell me the name of the film on Tuesday 22nd of April showing at your cinema? I know it contains the use of strong language and moderate violence.
I need to know which films this weekend are certified PG or U.
I want to go to the cinema this week in Dudley. I want to watch a film that's written by Zack Snyder, Kurt Johnstad, Michael Gordon, Frank Miller and Lynn Varley however I've forgotten the name of it. 
Can you tell me the name of the Peter Morgan film? 
I want to go the the cinema this week in Birmingham. I want to watch a film by the freedom writers Erin Gruwell and Richard LaGravenese. I've forgotten the name of the film though. 
What’s the name of the new Forest Whitaker film? 
Hello I'm interested in  the Trust House. It's located near a public park. Could you tell me the name of it please? 
Is there a glass museum in Wolverhampton? 
Could you tell me at what time the 543 service starts please? 
Is there a tram to Birmingham Snow Hill after 10pm on Saturdays? 
Could you tell me what time New Cross Hospital opens please?
I want to know what time the Central Library in Birmingham opens.
Is there somewhere secure I can put my car at the Molineux please in Wolverhampton?
Does the yoga centre in Parkdale West have its own car-park?
Hello could you let me know the name of the hotel in Dudley near the train station?
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
Hello can you tell me the name of the hotel in Wolverhampton near the Trust House?
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
Can you tell me the way to a hotel near the train station please? 
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
 Can you tell me the name of a hotel in Walsall near heritage?
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
Can you tell me the name of a hotel in Oldbury near the city centre? 
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station? 
Can you tell me the way to a hotel near the city centre? 
What time is check-in at the Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?  
Can you tell me the number of The Crabmill in Solihull?
Do you have the phone number for Wetherspoons in Birmingham?
Can you give me the contact details of The Bucklemaker in Birmingham please? 
I’d like the phone number for the Varsity Bar in Birmingham. 
Can you tell me the phone number of the Afrikana in Walsall?
Can I have the phone number for the Reflex in Wolverhampton?
Can you tell me the phone number for Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant in Birmingham?
Can I have the website address for the Pitcher and Piano in Birmingham?
Can you give me the phone number for the Hippodrome in Birmingham?
 What time do the doors open for the Lily Allen performance at the Birmingham Hippodrome next week?
Does the Cineworld in Wolverhampton have disabled access? 
Which bus goes to Cineworld in Bentley Bridge?
Can you tell me the name of the film starring DeWitt Henson and Ne-Yo please? 
When is the new Arnold Schwarzenegger film released? 
Does the Odeon have multiple screens?
 Can you tell me how many screens Vue Star City has? 
Hello could you tell me the name of the film that's showing in Birmingham that's 97 minutes long?
I’m looking for a film which is less than 2 hours and rated 18 at Vue Birmingham.
I'm looking for a film in Birmingham written by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer.
is them in English
When is the Wolves West Bromwich match please?
I want to see a hockey match in Birmingham this week. Are there any on? 
What kind of events are there on at Cannon Hill Park please?
I`d like to know about interesting things that are happening at Walsall Arboretum.
Does The Locksmith's House have a car-park and also what's the price of a ticket?
Are there baby changing facilities at Moseley Old Hall? 
Where can I go and see breakin' convention? 
What is the capacity of the Birmingham Hippodrome? 
Could you tell me the name of a hotel in Oldbury? 
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
Could I have the name of a hotel in Stourbridge? 
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham?
the name of a hotel in Walsall
 Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
Could I have the name of a hotel in Walsall?
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
Could I have the name of a hotel in Dudley?
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
Could you tell me the name of a hotel in Dudley near the train station?
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
Could I have the contact number of the Kinnaree Thai Restaurant?
Can I get on the guest list for Oceana?
Could I have the name of a Cantonese restaurant in Birmingham?
Are there any restaurants open after 11pm in Wolverhampton city centre?
Could I have the contact number of The Bucklemaker?
How much is a meal and wine at Zennas?
Has Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant got a private room?
Is it possible to hire out City Bar? 
Has Seduction and the Sea got an interval? 
How much does a family ticket cost at the Wolverhampton Grand Theatre to see the production of the Cat on the Hot Tin Roof?
Has the cinema in Birmingham got disabled access?
Can I have the telephone number for Vue Star City?
Could I have the name of the film written by Zack Snyder?
What action films are out are the moment?
Who's the director of Epic?
Who directed Babel?
 Who directed Norbit?
I want to know who directed Perfect Stranger.
Who directed Because I Said So?
Can you tell me who directed Babel?
Could you tell me the contact number for Symphony Hall?
What is the minimum age for a Westlife concert?
Could I have the contact number for a pharmacy at the University of Birmingham?
Can you give me the phone number for the pharmacy in the Avion Centre?
What films are on on Monday the 27th of March 2007?
Can you give me the showing times for Harry Potter at Bentley Bridge today?
What is the capacity of Wolverhampton Grand Theatre?
What time does the evening performance of Joseph start on the 28th of May?
Please can you tell me a hotel in Wolverhampton which has a gym?
Which hotel in Tettenhall Wood provides a morning alarm? 
Please can you tell me where I can stay in Dudley with a gym?
 I need a B&B in Sedgley with a car-park.
I'm looking for a hotel in Wolverhampton that has a gym.
Which Bed and Breakfast in Smethwick provides a vegetarian breakfast? 
Please can you recommend a hotel in West Bromwich?
Could you tell me which hostel in Bromsgrove is non-smoking please?
Is there a hotel in Walsall with a gym?
Which hostel in Dudley has self-catering facilities?
I'm looking for a hotel in Oldbury with a gym.
 I need a youth hostel in Compton that allows guide pets. 
Please can you give me the contact number for The Crabmill in Solihull?
Can I have the postal address for Sadlier’s coffee shop in Tettenhall Wolverhampton?
Please can you recommend a restaurant in Birmingham that sells English and European food? 
I’m trying to find out which club in Birmingham is open the latest.
Please can you give me the phone number for Afrikana in Walsall?
What is the phone number for Zanzibar in Birmingham?
I'd like the phone number for Bank please.
Can I pre-book tickets for Oceana? 
Is there a lower age limit to watch Abba mania please?
I need the postcode for the NEC in Birmingham please.
Please can you tell me who directed Stomp the Yard?
Can you tell me the name of the director of Slow Burn?

Please can you tell me if there are any discounts available at the Broadway Plaza in Birmingham on Friday the 15th of October?
Can you tell me if there are any Birmingham cinemas doing weekday evening discounts? 
I'm trying to find out who directed Becoming Jane.
Which actors are in Babel?
Can you tell me if Showcase Cinemas in Walsall have disabled access? 
Is there a bus that goes from Wolverhampton Bus Station to Bentley Bridge in Wednesfield? 
Please can you tell me who directed epic movie? 
Who was the producer of The Last King of Scotland?
Please can you tell me when Thatcher the musical is on? 
Is the Rocky horror show on in September anywhere in the Midlands?
Is it possible to get an en suite room in the Days Hotel  together with  disabled access?
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11 in the morning?
Please can you give me the contact phone number for Henrys Cantonese Restaurant? 
Can I have the phone number for Chiquito’s on the Hagley Road? 
Is there an art gallery near the train station please? 
Is there an art gallery in Wolverhampton?
Could you give me the directions to a hotel  preferably with a tennis court nearby? 
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities?  
 Could you give me the name of a hotel in Stourbridge please  preferably with a park nearby?  
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
Could you give me the name of a hotel in Walsall please?
What time is breakfast served at the Novotel in Birmingham? 
Could you give me the name of a hotel in Walsall please?
Which hotel in Tettenhall Wood provides a morning alarm?
I'm looking for a hotel in Wolverhampton  near a trust a national.   
I'm looking for a hotel in the Wolverhampton area  preferably near a National Trust house. 
Hello could you give me the price of a room at a hotel  without conference facilities please? 
Which Bed and Breakfast in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50? 
Could you give me the name of a Cantonese restaurant in Birmingham?
Does Yates' Wine Lodge in Walsall have disabled access? 
Hello I'm looking for an English or European restaurant in Birmingham.  Could you give me the name of 1 please?
Are there any cafes in Dudley? 
Are there any cafes in Dudley with car-parks? 
Hello I'm looking for a Thai restaurant in Birmingham.  Is it near the Mailbox?
What is the name of the restaurant near the Hyatt hotel in Birmingham? 
Hello I'm looking for the name of  an Italian restaurant in Solihull.  Hopefully a modern style restaurant. 
I need the name of a restaurant adjacent to the Hyatt hotel in Birmingham. 
Hello could you  give me some contact details for the Birmingham Hippodrome please?
What is the minimum age to see Lily Allen at the Civic in Wolverhampton? 
Could you tell me which films are on  on Wednesday the 25th of June  around 2.20?
Are there any films on tomorrow that start after 10pm? 
Who directed the film Because I Said So? 
What sort of film is Babel? 
Who directed Freedom Writers?
What is Babel about? 
Hello  I want to see a film at the  Broadway Plaza 12 in Birmingham.  Are there any discounts available?  I'm going on the Friday the 15th of October. 
Are there any discounts on weekday evenings at Birmingham cinemas?
Is Cineworld in Broad Street a multi-screen cinema?
Are there any tickets left for the 5 past 6 showing of Harry Potter at Cineworld in Bentley Bridge Wednesfield? 
Could you give me the directions to Dudley Museum and Art Gallery please? 
I need the the shop phone number for Walsall Leather Museum please. 
Could you give me the name of  a park with a tram stop nearby it? 
Which bus stop is nearest to Bentley Bridge cinema? 
What time does the Bullring shopping centre open?
Can you tell me when Shrewsbury Town Hall opens please?
  
What time do Central Baths close please?
Can I use Birmingham University sports centre in the evenings and how much does it cost?
Could you tell me a direction to a hotel nearby motorway?
What time is check-in in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston? 
I need the direction for a hotel nearby a public park. 
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston? 
 Could you tell me a hotel in Wolverhampton nearby a golf course?
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
Could you tell me whether I can find accommodation where I can bring my pet? It should be at Days Hotel. 
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people? 
I need to find a hotel where I can bring my pet and also I'm interested in a Quality Hotel and Suites.
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people?
Could you tell me a hotel in West Bromwich?
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham? 
Could you tell me an English European restaurant in Birmingham?
Where is the nearest restaurant to the Birmingham Britannia Hotel?
Could you tell me whether Varsity has a private room?
I want to know if the Varsity Bar has a private room which can be hired out for a hen party.
I'd like to know a modern European restaurant in Birmingham and it should be nearby Symphony Hall. 
What is the nearest pub to the Holiday Inn on the Birmingham New Road? 
Could you tell me where I can find a modern European restaurant nearby Symphony Hall?
I’m looking for a wine bar near the Grand Theatre.
I want to see Aladdin in Birmingham. How much would cost me for the ticket?
What time do the doors open for tonight’s performance by Westlife at the NEC?
I'd like to know whether there is a movie in Dudley for about 1 half 1 and half hours.
I’m looking for a film which is less than 2 hours and rated 18 at Vue Birmingham. 
  Sorry  can I get a discount in Maney Corner Birmingham Road Sutton Coldfield?
I’m looking for Birmingham cinemas that do weekday evening discounts. 
Is there any cinema discount at 181 Broad Street in Birmingham?
Do any cinemas do discounts on weekday evenings?
Could you tell me the name of the cinema in Walsall which has  disabled access?
Is there a metro stop near the Odeon in Birmingham? 
What is the name of the cinema which has disabled access in Wolverhampton?
How close is the Odeon in Birmingham to the New Street Station?
Where is the location for Wolves West Bromwich in Wolverhampton?
Where can I do yoga in Wolverhampton? 
Is there any nature walk in Dudley? 
Are there any signposted footpaths along the canal in Wolverhampton?
I'm interested in Himley Hall and Park.  Where can I find the dress code for it? 
Can I visit Haden Hill House in shorts and t-shirts? 
Where can I find the detail of the event programme if I want to see Seduction and the Sea in Birmingham? 
From which album will Westlife be performing at the NEC in Birmingham? 
Could you tell me if they allow pets at the Mount at Clent hotel please?
 Which hostel in Birmingham has dormitories for 12 people? 
Are pets allowed into the Express by Holiday Inn?
Which hostel in Birmingham has dormitories for 12 people?
Is it possible to book an en suite room  for with a disabled access at Copthorne Hotel Merry Hill?
Which Bed and Breakfast near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am? 
Could you tell me the name of a hotel near the city centre in West Bromwich please?
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
Could you tell me the name of a hotel in Oldbury where they don't offer self-catering please?
What time is breakfast served at  the Novotel hotel in Birmingham? 
Could you tell me  where's the conference room and at what price would it be? 
Which Bed and Breakfast in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50? 
Could you tell me the name and address of a Thai restaurant near the Mailbox please? 
Is there a wine bar near the Grand Theatre? 
Do you know where is a modern Italian restaurant in Solihull please?
I’d like a restaurant in Dudley which provides a children’s play area.
I'm looking for a European restaurant. Could you give me the address and the name please? 
I want to know if there is a wine bar near the Cineworld.
I'd like to know the name of a modern European restaurant in Birmingham. 
Which club in Birmingham is open the latest?
I'd like a phone number to contact the Symphony Hall.
How long is Paolo Nutini’s set at the Little Civic in Wolverhampton? 
I'd like to know the name of a cinema in Birmingham that has disabled access. 
Is Cineworld in Wednesfield within walking distance of Wolverhampton city centre?
Could you tell me the name of a cinema in Birmingham that has access to disabled people? 
Does the Light House have surround sound?
I'd like to know the name of a cinema at Birmingham that has access for disabled people.
Does the Light House have wheelchair access?
How long does the Epic movie last?
How long does The Last King of Scotland go on for?
I'd like to know the name of the film shown at Birmingham that lasts for 1 hundred and 23 minutes. 
Which is the shortest  children’s film on on Saturday morning at Cineworld in Bentley Bridge? 
Are people under 18 allowed into the Breakin' Convention? 
Can I have the postcode of the Birmingham Hippodrome?
Could I have the telephone number for the Boots pharmacy please?
Could I have the number of a pharmacy in Bilston that's open till 9 please? 
How long does the film Because I Said So last?
What is the running time for 300?
I would like to know the name of the event taking place at Birmingham Hippodrome from 2pm till 4.30pm and then from 7.30 till 10pm.
Can you tell me what's on at the MAC this week? 
Hi do you have any contact details for a hotel in Dudley please? 
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University please. 
Hi can I get the details of a hotel in Wolverhampton so I can phone them please?
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University. 
Hi I'm looking for a hotel in Dudley.  Do you have the contact details so I can phone them please?
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University.
Hi  I'm looking for a hotel with a museum that's nearby please.
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities?
Hi I'm looking for a hotel in   West Bromwich and I'd like to phone them please. 
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University.
Hi  I'm looking for a hotel in Oldbury.  Have you got any names and I'd prefer one with self-catering please.
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham?
Hello do you have any names for a modern  restaurant near the Symphony Hall please and whereabouts it is thank you? 
Is there still a restaurant in Beatties?
Hi I'm looking for a Thai restaurant. I know it's near the Mailbox but don't know its name and address. If you have them please.
Where is the nearest wine bar to the Grand Theatre?
Can you give me a name of any modern restaurant in Birmingham please?
Can you tell me which pubs in Wolverhampton  city centre are non-smoking? 
Can you give me  the name of a Thai restaurant in Birmingham please?
 Which pubs in Wolverhampton city centre are non-smoking?
Hi  I've heard there's a show on called Aladdin. I'd like to find out where it's being shown please.
What is the maximum for box seats at the Wolverhampton Grand Theatre? 
Hi  there's a film called Freedom Writers. I'd like to find out how long it's on for please.
I need to know the running time for the Titanic.
Hi the movie Stomp the Yard how long does it last please?
I need to know how long Children of Men is.
Hi there's a movie starting  at 11pm on the 25th of February. It's a Saturday. Can you give me the name please?
what children’s films are showing tomorrow afternoon at the Showcase Cinema in Walsall
 there's a film called becoming Jane can you tell me how long it's on for please
Does Fast Food Nation have English subtitles?
Hi  there's a cinema in Birmingham and I'd like to find out if it's got discount  shows for the cinema.  The address is Kingsbury Road Erdington. I'd like to go on Tuesday the 22nd of April if that's okay.
Which Birmingham cinemas do weekday evening discounts?
Hi I'd like to go to the MAC  but I'd want to find out what's on between 8.30 and 10.30 please.
 Can you tell me what's on at the MAC this week?
Hi I'm going to Oldbury. I'd like to find out the details for a hotel. If you've got the contact or phone number please. 
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham  University.
Hi  I fancy an Italian. Have you got any details for a modern Italian in  Solihull please  a restaurant? 
I’m looking for non-smoking Birmingham city centre pubs.
Hi  I'm looking to find out information on an interactive art experience.  I know it's in The Public building but I don't know where it is or the date. Can you tell me please? 
Are you allowed to take a pushchair around the Walsall Leather Museum?
Hi  I'm going to Merry Hill Shopping Centre. I'd like directions to a hotel nearby please.
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities? 
Hi  I'm interested in the  Express by Holiday Inn.  I'd like to find out if you have disabled access  facilities in an en suite room please. 
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time  for after 11am?
Hi I'm looking for a hotel.  I know it's in Dudley but I don't have the contact details or the phone number. Can you give them please? 
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University.
Hi  looking for a hotel  in Walsall.  Don't have the contact details or the phone number. Can you help please?
I would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University.
Hi  I'm looking for details on a hotel  in Oldbury. I know it's nearby a theatre and a cinema  and I don't know the name.  I'm wondering if you can give it to me and whether you know if the check-out's before 2 please? 
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have  facilities for a  caravan?
Hello  I don't know the name but I'm trying to find a restaurant in Birmingham that does sort of English European food. Can you help?
I’m looking for non-smoking Wolverhampton city centre pubs.
Do you have any names of Cantonese restaurants in Birmingham please?
Is the Oddfellows in Compton non-smoking?
Hi I want to go to  the Bank but I need to find out if it's got private room facilities there please.
How many people does the function room at City Bar hold?
Do you have any names of Thai restaurants in Birmingham please?
Is the Goose In The City  in Wolverhampton non-smoking?
Hi  I'm going to see Aladdin  but I'd like to find out the age limit please.
I need the postcode for the NEC in Birmingham please. 
 Could you tell me how long the film the Epic is on for please?
I’m trying to find a subtitled showing of Vampire Diary. 
Hi how long is Norbit on for please?
Is Forest Whitaker in The Last King of Scotland?
Hi can you give me  the name of  a cinema in Birmingham?  I think it's called the Empire in Sutton Coldfield but I need to find out if it's got disabled access please.
Is Blood and Chocolate still on at the Odeon in Birmingham?
Hi  I'm going to a cinema in Birmingham.  I know the film's about an hour and 26 minutes long and I think the cinema's called the AMC.  Can you confirm it for me and  how  strong is the language is it? I'm taking some kids with me.
Are there any 18 films less than 2 hours at Vue Cineworld Birmingham? 
Hi  I'm trying to find a cinema  in Dudley with disabled access. Could you give me a name please? 
I need to know if the Odeon Cinema in Birmingham has  disabled access.
Hello  I'm going to the Art Gallery in Wolverhampton.  I know it's in Wolverhampton but I don't have the full address and postcode. Could you get them for me please?
Can I have the fax number for Ikon Gallery in Birmingham please?
Hi  I need to  use some transport between Wolverhampton and Finchfield. Can you give me the service details and the name please?
Which train should I get if I need to be at Moor Street by 10am?  I need to come from Northfield.
Could you give me the opening  hours  for  Birmingham City Hall please?
What time does New Cross Hospital open?
 Could you tell me if Wolverhampton Central Baths has  women-only services please in terms of swimming? 
Are there any women-only aerobics classes in Kings Heath? 
Hi I'd like to go to the Woodland Valleys. Would you know if there's any refreshments or food stands nearby please?
I want to know if there is a children's playground at Woodland Valleys.
Can I take pets to the Days Hotel?
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people?
Can I have the name of a hotel near the Merry Hill Shopping Centre with car parking available?
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available?
Give me the name of a hotel near Wolverhampton city centre.
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
hotel near Wolverhampton  near a golf course and I want to be able to check in before midday.
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan?
I want the name of a hotel in Walsall which is near a museum and I want to be able to check out at 10 o'clock.
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan?
check-in and check-out times of the Quality Hotel in Dudley
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
Can I have the telephone number of a Thai restaurant in Birmingham and it is near the Mailbox.
Can I have all the pizza restaurant phone numbers in Wolverhampton city centre? 
Can you give me the telephone number of Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant in Birmingham?
to find a website for Don Salvo's restaurant at the Mailbox in Birmingham 
address of The Varsity in Birmingham which is near the Botanical Gardens and I think it closes at 12 o'clock
Is there a pub next to the cinema at Bentley Bridge in Wednesfield?
Can you give me the name of a Cantonese restaurant?
Is blast off at the Civic Hall over 18s?
Does Abba mania have an interval?
Is there a discount available for a group of 10 to see Billy Elliot in Birmingham?
Can you give me the name of the cinema that's showing 300?
What is the website for Cineworld? 
What is the name of the film that stars Gerard Butler and Lena Headey?
What are the Leonardo DiCaprio films on Sunday afternoon called?
Does the cinema at Broad Street offer any discounts?
Do any cinemas do discounts on a weekday evening? 
Who is the director of Because I Said So?
What sort of film is Babel?
What is the name of a film that lasts a hundred and 10 minutes long and has frequent moderate sexual references and language? 
Is Road Hogs out yet?
What is the name of the event that is on at the Grand Theatre on the 26th of May till the 30th of May 2007?
Is Nights at the Circus on in the West Midlands this year?
How do I get to the hotel which is nearby a tennis court?
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a child's menu and self-catering facilities? 
Can you give me the name of the Thai restaurant near the Mailbox which closes at midnight?
Which restaurant near the Carling Academy is open until 11pm? 
Can you tell me what's on at The Public building and when?
Are there audio translation tapes available at Birmingham Art Gallery? 
Can you give me directions for a hotel near the motorway  please? 
Which hostels in Wolverhampton have a children’s menu and self-catering facilities? 
What's the name of the accommodation near the motorway and I need car parking.  
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available? 
What's the name of a hotel in Oldbury please?
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham?
Can you tell me the name of accommodation in Wolverhampton nearby the Trust House? 
Which hotel is nearest to Birmingham train station? 
Can you tell me the  accommodation the Quality Hotel and Suites allows pets please? 
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people? 
I'm looking for accommodation in the Quality Hotel in Dudley and I need disabled access and also I'd like an en suite room please.
Which B&B Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am? 
Can you give me the number for  The Varsity in Birmingham? 
I need the phone number for the All Bar One in Birmingham. 
Can you give  me  the address of the Bank in Birmingham please? The close hour's 1am. 
What pubs are there within 5 minutes of Birmingham Airport? 
Can you give me the contact for the Bank please? It's in Birmingham. 
What's the phone number for the Varsity Bar in Birmingham?
I'm looking for a Cantonese restaurant in Birmingham please. 
Are there any restaurants open after 11pm in Wolverhampton city centre?
What's the contact for the Birmingham Hippodrome? 
What time will the Morrissey concert at the Little Little Civic finish?
What's the name of the event that has the writers as freedom writers in please? 
What’s the name of the new Forest Whitaker  film? 
What's the name of the film with Diane Keaton and Mandy Moore in I I need to know for the Saturday the 25th of February?
Are there any horror films out at the moment? 
What's the name of the film starring Nicolas Cage and Matthew Long on Monday 27th of March please?
What children’s films are showing at Vue Star City on Saturday afternoon? 
What's the name of the cinema that's  showing Norbit please? 
I need to know which cinema I can buy Hannibal Rising tickets for online. 
What's the price of a children's ticket in Showcase Cinemas in Birmingham?
What is the student price at AGM  Cinema?
What event is on at The New Art Gallery in Walsall during the summer?
What is the postcode for Initial Access exhibition outside Wolverhampton?
When is the first train to Shrewsbury?
What time does the tram to Snow Hill start running? 
Does the Aisha Mosque in on 4 Rutter Street Walsall have separate entrances?
Are guide dogs allowed in Saint Paul's Church in Birmingham?
Does New Cross Hospital have a maternity ward?
Does New Cross Hospital have a maternity ward?
Please can I have the name of a Oldbury Hotel near city centre?
Which hotel is  the nearest Birmingham train station? 
Are pets allowed in The Fairlawns at Aldridge? 
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people?
What is the name of a nearby museum and is car-park available? 
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available? 
What is the name of the hotel in West Bromwich near city centre that checks out before 11?
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan? 
I want to know the check-in and check-out times in The Fairlawns at Aldridge? 
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
Is there a disabled access facility in the en suite rooms at The Mount Hotel and Conference Centre?
Which B&B near Wolverhampton city centre has a check-out time for after 11am? 
What is the name of a modern Italian restaurant in Solihull?
Can you tell me which club in Birmingham is open the latest? 
I am looking for a contact number for a modern European. It's in Birmingham near the Symphony Hall.
Can I have phone numbers for all the pizza restaurants in Wolverhampton city centre? 
I am looking for the name of an English European restaurant in Birmingham. 
I am looking for non-smoking Wolverhampton city centre pubs. 
What is the name of a modern European in Birmingham?  
How much are drinks at the Moon Under Water? 
What is the age limit to see the Breakin' Convention? 
Can I have the postcode of the Birmingham Hippodrome? 
What is the duration for the Epic movie? 
How long does the Last King of Scotland go on for? 
What is the name of the movie that the duration is 1 hour 55 minutes  and contains moderate violence?
How long is the new Harry Potter film? 
Are there multiple screen facilities at the Electric Cinema in Birmingham? 
What’s the capacity for the 15.34 showing of Harry Potter at the Light House? 
---
What is the name of a movie that contains the use of strong language and moderate violence which shows on Tuesday 22nd of April at a cinema in Birmingham?
Are there any French language films on at the Light House cinema this week? 
What's the duration of the movie Norbit? 
How long does The Last King of Scotland last for? 
Does the Birmingham City Hall have a car-park facility? 
Does the Birmingham City Hall have its car-park? 
Is there a car-park facility at the West Park in Wolverhampton? 
Is there a car-park at the Molineux?
Is there a facility for children at the Cannon Hill Park? 
Is there a children's playground along the canal in Wolverhampton? 
What time will the Himley Hall and Park  open  next  weekend? 
When is the best time to visit the Walsall Arboretum? 
Do you know a hotel in Stourbridge near a public park? 
Are there campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a van a caravan? 
What is the check-in time and the check-out time for the Quality Hotel Birmingham North hotel?
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford? 
Can you indicate me a hotel in Dudley by the motorway?
Are there  campsites outside Wolverhampton which have facilities for a caravan?
Do you know the check-out and check-in time for  the Novotel in Wolverhampton?
Can I have the telephone number for a campsite in Telford? 
Do you know the name of a hotel in Walsall  where the self-catering would be available?
What time is breakfast served at Novotel hotel in Birmingham? 
Can you tell me the way to a hotel in the city centre?
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
Has the Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant a private room?
Does the function room at Spice Avenue have its own bar?
Does The Crabmill have a private room?
What function rooms are there at the Molineux?
Does the Kinnaree Thai Restaurant have a private room?
 Is there a private room which can be hired for a hen party at Varsity Bar? 
Do you know a good Thai restaurant in Birmingham?
Is the Goose In The City in Wolverhampton non-smoking? 
Where could I go and see The Producers?
How big is the Little Civic in Wolverhampton?
What is the name of the director of Epic Movie 
Who directed Babel?
Does the Empire Cinema in Birmingham have disabled access?
Is Blood and Chocolate still on at the Odeon in Birmingham?
What film is on Tuesday the 22nd of April? 
I need to know which films this weekend are certified PG or U. 
Where could I go and watch Because I Said So?
Which cinema is selling Hannibal Rising tickets online? 
What film is at the cinema on Sunday the 4th of May? 
What films are showing at Cineworld in Wednesfield on Saturday afternoon?
Do you know if the Bantock House has a car-park and how much is  ticket price?
Is there a car-park at Warwick Castle and what are the prices? 
What is on the 23rd of June at the Alexandra Theatre Birmingham?
Is Lionel Richie playing in Birmingham this year? 
Do you have the phone number of Boots?
Could I have the number of a pharmacy in Bilston that's open till 9pm please? 
Do you know if there's a film on in Birmingham cinema that lasts hundred and 23 minutes? 
Which is the shortest  children’s  film on on Saturday morning at Cineworld in Bentley Bridge?
Please can I have the name of a hotel with a conference room please?  
 Which Bed and Breakfast in Wolverhampton has a single room  available  for  less  than  £50? 
Can I have the directions for a hotel which is nearby the city centre please?
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston please?
Can I have the contact phone number for a hotel in Dudley please?
I  would like the phone number for a hotel near Birmingham University.  
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?  
Can I have the name of a hotel in Oldbury near the theatre and cinema? 
Which hotel is the nearest to Birmingham train station?
Can I have directions to a hotel near the city centre please? 
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in  Edgbaston?
Where is the nearest restaurant to the Novotel on the ring road in Wolverhampton?
Can I have the address to the Kinnaree Thai Restaurant in Birmingham?
Are there any Thai restaurants near Wolverhampton Art Gallery?
Can I have the address to go to Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant in Birmingham?
Is there a Yates’s Wine Lodge in Dudley?
Does the Asha's Indian Bar and Restaurant have a facility for private room?
What date is the pantomime at the Birmingham Hippodrome please? 
Does the NEC in Birmingham have a balcony?
What is the name of the movie in a cinema in Wolverhampton which contains strong bloody violence?
What films are on at the Light House this week?
What is name of the movie starring Adam Campbell Mary Castro Jayma Mays showing on 15th of October?
Are there any Leonardo DiCaprio films on on Wednesday?
Can you tell me if the AMC Cinema has multiple screens facilities please?
 How many screens is there at Vue Star City?
Can you tell me the name of the movie showing on the 15th of October which contains strong language and frequent moderate sex references?
 Are there any horror movies on this weekend?
sh you tell me the name of a movie showing at the cinema in Birmingham written by Eddie Murphy Charles Murphy Jay Scherick and David Ronn
Can you tell me which film was written by Peter Morgan?
Can you tell me which film was written by Peter Morgan?
What is the name of the movie showing on Wednesday 25th of June or on Tuesday or on Sunday which contains frequent moderate sex references and language? 
Which of the films on this weekend are certified PG or U?
Can I have the contact number for a theatre in the Birmingham Rep please?
Can you give me the phone number of the MAC?
Can I have the directions for a hotel which is near Merry Hill Shopping Centre?
What time is check-in at the Portland Hotel in Edgbaston?
Can I have the contact address for the Kinnaree Thai Restaurant in Birmingham?
Can I have the phone number for the Varsity Bar in Birmingham? 
Please can you give me the name of a hotel including price and this should do include conference room.
Which B&B in Wolverhampton has a single room available for less than £50? 
Give me the name and directions of a hotel where there's nearby to a heritage.
What time is check-in at Portland Hotel in Edgbaston? 
Please can you tell me the check-in time and check-out time of the Mount at Clent? 
Can I have a telephone number for a campsite in Telford?
I'm I'm looking for a hotel. I'm interested in Jonathan's Hotel and Retaurants. I was wondering if the site has  pet facility.
Which hostel in Birmingham has dorms for 12 people? 
Hello I'm looking for the name accommodation  near to a heritage looking for car parking.
Which hotels in Walsall have rooms that can be booked for a conference and what are the prices available? 
Hello can you give me the name of a hotel in Wolverhampton city centre please? 
Is there a beach near the Old School Country Caravan Park in Shrewsbury?
Hello can you give me the address of Kinnaree Thai Restaurant in Birmingham? I know that it closes at 12am and it's close to the Mailbox thank you.
Are there any restaurants at Bentley Bridge in Wednesfield?
Hello can you give me the address for The Varsity in Birmingham? I know it closes at 12pm and it's close to the Botanical Gardens.
Can you tell me if there are any Thai restaurants near Wolverhampton Art Gallery?
Hello can you give me the name of a modern European restaurant in Birmingham please?
Which club in Birmingham is open the latest? 
Hello can you give me the address of The Bucklemaker in Birmingham? I know it closes at 12am.
Are there any Polish clubs in Wolverhampton? 
Hello can you give me the address of the Birmingham Hippodrome please?
Can you buy posters of the band at The Killers gig at Carling Academy? 
Hello can you give me the name of a cinema in Birmingham which has disabled access please?
Which cinema in Birmingham has disabled access?
Hello can you give me the name of the director from the film Freedom Writers please?
name of the director of pirates of the Caribbean at world's end 
Hello can you tell me the name of the film in that's showing in Birmingham where the writer is Kevin Hood and Sarah Williams please?
What was the new Arnold Schwarzenegger film directed by James Cameron?
Hello does  the Empire cinema in Sutton Coldfield have multiple screen facilities? 
Does the Light House Cinema in Wolverhampton only show art films?
you give me the name of a film  that contains fantasy horror and moderate violence that the duration is 1 hour 50 minutes thank you
Hello what is The Last King of Scotland about?
Hello can you give me the name and address of an English or European restaurant please?
Hello I want to know if there's a wine bar near the Cineworld. 
Hello I'm looking to go to Dudley Museum and Art Gallery and was wondering if there was a car-park there.
Hello what is the curator’s name for the Pop Art Gallery in Wolverhampton?
Hello can you tell me what time the tram the Birmingham tram starts running please?
Does the 05.50 train from Wolverhampton to Birmingham stop at Tipton? 
Hello can you give me the dates when evening worship is on at Saint Jude's Church please?
Can you tell me when there is an 11am service at Birmingham Cathedral?
